# family-rape-evidence
This is to house some files of my families rape by the white Democrat people in Florida. Democrats own this out here.

Hey mom I just found out that Rachel was raped by all her friends in horrible ways and you never helped rher! What the hell are you talking about. Don’t start! If you posted stuff about your sister get it down. It’s not for you to post. It’s not public information, it’s family. You have really hurt your sister. Shame on you. I. Ever raped her moron Shame on you for not doing more when it was helping to your daughter! That’s illegal Did you know already? It not lega mother to hide rape from white people in our community! You don’t know what you are talking about.  You said horrible things to Rachel about me The only person who is trying to help you. She thinks you are dangerous and doesn’t want me around you. Rachel is devastated about what you said and Chris is going to be pissed. You need to stop before you lose everyone. This is just not right Nathaniel I have a 0 on depression right now I have a 0 on anxiety right no The President is Biden The year is 2023 I am Nathaniel You just want me to lie for you I’m not lying What the fuck do you think you are lying for me about. RAPE I told you I was raped and you never helped me I know Rachel told you and you never helped her You tell me to LIE GrIN and BEAR it! All the time you tell me to LIE You tell me to think only about other people and lie You have seriously hurt your sister. She don’t not trust you and is now afraid for you to be around any family. Again you don’t know anything about what Rachel said to me. I’m done. You have hurt family. Why don’t you worry about you. Mom the police want to know about RAPE If you know something you need to tell the police about her rape!!! She was raped You should help It hurt me more Rape mother Pare Help her more You don’t have the right to post or talk about anyone but your self. And now you block your sister. Shame on you. You’re about to be blocked. I never said anything about Rachel I said it was from a 12 year old that was raped by white peopl She was 12 and raped I never said anything about RACHEL So…. Your wrong on this one big time No a 4 11 white girl. Shame on you. Your sister knows she hung out with the wrong people and did stuff she shouldn’t have done. Okay mother now your turning evil on me Never hurt her Never in my life her my sister You are a monster to me Call the police now and report her rape Call the police now and report her rape Call the police now and report her rape Call the police now and report her rape Call the police now and report her rape Call the police now and report her rape You’re hiding and lying about white people raping my sister You and her brother knew this stuff and told us all the time. You need hospitalization again. Someone is going to hurt you. I’m done. You’re being blocked. You are evil. You blocked your sister now your being blocked. Get help before you end up on the streets again or dead. Shame on you ! Hospitalization for what evil mother, rape? Or lying about rape? I’ve notified the police that the girls mother may be hiding and lying about the rape… haven’t told them it’s you yet… What do you want to do mother? When they contact me this time. I will let them know where you live. I’m done protecting you. I cannot deal with your sickness anymore. You are toxic to yourself and the family . You have lost all your friends, wife, job and working on losing family. Your SSA disability and food stamps you have or will have is from my time and hard work. You have done nothing to help yourself. I never had your protection in the first place You forced me to lie and smile about my entire life while I slaved working at your events and anything you ever needed in life Call the police now and report her rape Call the police now and report her rape Call the police now and report her rape Call the police now and report her rape Call the police now and report her rape Glad to know you feel this way. It make the separation from you easier. Call the police now and report her rape You enabled rape You are a rape enabler You are not helping by hiding her rape Or my rape Fuck you nathaniel. I am going to report you to the police for family rape crimes if you do not stop attacking me right now! You did shit like this 3 months ago and ended up in jail. You must have liked it. Family rape crimes? You better know what you are talking about. Your already on there watch list. Call the police now and report her rape charges Call the police now and report her rape charges Call the police now and report her rape charges Your nuts. It’s very sad. You should call park Royal and ask for help. Before the sheriffs department gets involved. Joyce will not tolerate your crap and you will be arrested again. I cannot help you this time. You too evil for me to talk to